What's up?
I always feel that the one named A Yan looks a little familiar
Seems like I've seen it somewhere
Let's do this first
Stop
Phineas
Brother Bao forgot to ask who you introduced last time.
Brother Kai, Bao, make a call, okay?
Hey Akai
It's me feeding Fei Ge
What are your orders?
There's a guy named A Yan, you got it
Yes, Fei Ge
You told the news that you were short of people
So I sent him there.
What, did he get a fork?
Nothing, just ask
How is Kai? It's fine
Fourth Young Master, is it okay for me to say that?
Fourth Young Master
You must help me think of a way to deal with the lawyer
I said all I could
I want the exact location of the park
That kind of ghost place
As a dryman, I haven't been there a few times at all.
Besides, I'm blindfolded every time.
Even if you beat me to death, I don't know.
Don't don't don't hit me don't hit me
I'm not your outback and won't hit you
Find a way
Keep in touch with this guy named Chen Ajun
After the event
I will take care of you from the young to the old.
I'll figure it out.
Thank you four young masters
You don't insist
I can definitely save it